Add a note on build-time dependencies to INSTALL.md. (#12243)
coq/coq: INSTALL.md

installation instructions using `make`. If you wish to experiment with
the Dune-based system see the [dune guide for
developers](dev/doc/build-system.dune.md).

Notes on build-time dependencies
--------------------------------

- The OCaml compiler and findlib are build-time dependencies, but also
  run-time dependencies if you wish to use the native compiler.

- When loading plugins, you should make sure that these were compiled

>   with the same version of OCaml as Coq.  This is also true when

Reviewer: I'd write "same OCaml setup" instead of version. In particular, all libraries and transitive dependencies have to match.

  loading `vo` files.  For this reason, it is rarely a good idea to

>   distribute pre-compiled `vo` files.

Reviewer 2: It would be great to point out a way to determine which version of OCaml was used to compile a given .vo file.

Author: cc @ppedrot 

I don't think that's possible in fact. Even votour from Coq 8.11.1 fails on a vo file compiled with current master (and the converse is also true).

Reviewer 3: We could store that information in the vo metadata. Anyways, there was recently a path by @ejgallego that stored the hash of the OCaml plugin files inside the vo, so that currently trying to load a vo with plugin dependencies mismatch would already trigger an error.

Reviewer 3: See #12244.

Reviewer 4: >This is also true when loading `vo` files

Is it really?

Reviewer 4: >currently trying to load a vo with plugin dependencies mismatch would already trigger an error

That's not true, the hash is stored but not checked IIRC

installation instructions using `make`. If you wish to experiment with
the Dune-based system see the [dune guide for
developers](dev/doc/build-system.dune.md).

> Notes on build-time dependencies

Reviewer: Not sure "build-time dependencies" is the right wording here; already above we discuss about what we need to build, and just below we talk about run-time dependencies.

I suggest:
- we move the native dependencies to its own section, "Dependencies of native compilation"
- we remove the second bullet, and make it into a section "OCaml toolchain advisory" , also I would just start with "Both Coq plugins and vo files require at loading time the same exact toolchain setup that was used to compile them, etc..."

Other than that, I'd like to merge this before the branch date.

-------------------------------------------

The OCaml compiler and findlib are build-time dependencies, but also
run-time dependencies if you wish to use the native compiler.

OCaml toolchain advisory
------------------------

When loading plugins or `vo` files, you should make sure that these
were compiled with the same OCaml setup (version, flags,

> dependencies...) as Coq.

Reviewer: It just occurred to me a couple of further comments [sorry for the churn]
- we don't mention the actual error anywhere it seems. So users may have trouble mapping the dreaded "implementation mismatch on Foo" to this error.
- should something be also added to reference manual?

Regarding your comment on distribution, I dunno. Maybe I would phrase it positively "distribution of pre-compiled plugins and `.vo` files is only possible if users are guaranteed to have the exact same OCaml toolchain".

>   general public (if you don't know what software they will use to
>   load them).

Reviewer 5: This makes it sound like a bit like they might be using something other than Coq to load vo files.  I'd suggest
```suggestion
  general public (if you don't know whether they'll have the same
  OCaml and Coq setup as was used for compilation).
```
